Hi, I'm Dustin. Welcome again in "Smarter Every Day"
Looking at everything I've studied and presented to the "smartest every day"
Or if you know anything about the nature and scope of my scientific achievement
Or the history of my family, you will realize that space is the sacred subject
Is something that must be addressed with reverence and respect
That's why I did not implement any series dealing with space in the "smartest day"
This is because either because what you have prepared is not good enough, or timing has not been appropriate
Well, now I would like to tell you that the time has come
I want to convince you to participate in the channel "Smarter Every Day"
Because I'm about to start showing a series about space
This is a series similar to any of the material on the Internet
I am not convinced of many educational materials dealing with space
It's like reading a dry article from Wikipedia
Well, we will not
We will do something different
In fact we will explore the hardware
Wherever this gear is located, we will go to it
We will examine it, study it and learn a lot
Things around him would be something amazing, at least for me
But think about this
The hardware does not build itself
It is made by humans, and occupied by them
So I think it's all a waste of time
If we do not communicate with people
We know who is behind this
Hi, I'm Dustin, and welcome again in "Smarter Every Day"
I'm in the house of astronaut Don Pitt
- This is my way
- Right
- Well, I like to set my telescope here on this road
And look at what you can see from the Houston area
And that light of the road
- That light there?
- That light is completely there. It is located at the very end of the road
And Ali destroys his vision of space and stars
So I have this laser that does not need me in anything, and I found it in the scrap room
And I have created this charge for him, and he is directed entirely towards that light of the road. I'll plug it in.
(Man's voice) I was wondering what this thing was like when I passed from here.
- OK
- And ..
- The laser works .. Well this is his optical package
This package should be pre-oriented through a beautiful little suspender
Towards road light sensor
You can see it there and it hurts
Let's wait ..
(Laughter)
- This is amazing
- Now for those who wish to apply this
Let me know that the green beam laser does not work
- OK
- This sensor works within the near-infrared and red-spectrum of the chromatic spectrum
So if you try a laser with a green light you will have trouble trying to turn off the road light
But the red beam laser
- Well, how did you know that Don?
- Because I tested the green beam laser!
(Laughter) That's right,
Is this a helium-neon laser?
- Right
- Did you realize what this means?
We are about to wander with astronauts
This is amazing to me personally
Because I want to become an astronaut
So I go out with the people I like to be like.
However, no matter what your knowledge here is in "Spectrum of Space Knowledge"
You think the space program has been suspended
It has not been stopped anyway, but some people think so
Or your knowledge lies on the other side of the "spectrum of space knowledge"
And learn that the tilt of the orbital International Space Station is 51.6 and learn why.
No matter where your knowledge lies, this series will be amazing
Because space will finally be logical in a more realistic way
Well, that's what I'll do
I will put a video on the space every month, and I will put a normal video from the "smartest every day", with the announcement every month
You can contribute in any way you see fit, at least share these things
You can support me directly through Patreon
Or if you contributed a normal video posting I can use the advertising money to finance the space series videos
But in any case I wish to share the spacewalk videos because I want people to care
The subject of space at least half the amount I care about
However, this is being prepared
So now I will present a glimpse of what will come next
Because I have filmed many things around the world over the past years
These are some of the videos I will post
In the series "Smarter Everyday" about space
Not all of them, but I would like to participate in the channel
And to go into space with my attachment
I'm Destiny, and you're smarter every day
Let's go into space
have a good day
(Music)